docs: add changelogs (#233)
qase-tms/qase-python: qase-python-commons/changelog.md

# qase-python-commons@3.1.0b4

## What's new

> Show the link to the test result in the Qase then the test is failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show a link to the test result in the Qase when the test has failed.
```

Author: fixed

# qase-python-commons@3.1.0b3

## What's new

Fixed the problem [#176] with bool parameters. The config manager didn't get values in uppercase.

# qase-python-commons@3.1.0b2

## What's new

Fixed the following issues:

```log
AttributeError: 'QaseConfig' object has no attribute 'validate_config'
```

```log
'Run' object has no attribute 'to_json'
```

# qase-python-commons@3.1.0b1

## What's new

1. Change config type from `dict` to `object`
    - Add new config models.
    - Update retrieving data from the config in all dependencies.

2. Add a new configuration option `rootSuite` to specify a root suite.
   This option is available in the config file and the `QASE_ROOT_SUITE` env variable.

# qase-python-commons@3.0.3

## What's new

> Fix an issue with getting bool parameter from the config then the parameter's value is `False`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix an issue with getting bool parameters from the config when the parameter's value is `False`
```

Author: fixed

# qase-python-commons@3.0.2

## What's new

> This is the first release in the 3.0.x series of the commons package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First release in the 3.0.x series of the commons package.
```

Author: fixed

# qase-python-commons@3.0.2b9

## What's new

> Fixed the issues on Windows OS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the issues on Windows:
```

Author: fixed

```log
[Errno 22] Invalid argument: .\\logs\\_20240101_00:00:00
```

# qase-python-commons@3.0.2b8

## What's new

Fixed the issues:

> - return a correct value from the config if the value didn't find
> - mark `Field` model as exported
> - fix the problem when the test run would be completed before the results were sent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Return a correct default value from the config if the value was not found.
- Mark the `Field` model as exported.
- Fix the problem where the test run is completed before the results are sent.
```

Author: fixed

# qase-python-commons@3.0.2b7

## What's new

> Fixed the issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the following issue:
```

Author: fixed

```log
Creating instance failed: OSError: [ Errno 22 ] Invalid argument: './logs\file.log'
```

# qase-python-commons@3.0.2b6

## What's new

> Fixed the issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the following issue:
```

Author: fixed

```log
[ ERROR ] Taking listener 'qaseio.robotframework.Listener' into use failed: 
    Importing listener 'qaseio.robotframework.Listener' failed: 
       ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'pkg_resources'
```

# qase-python-commons@3.0.2b5

## What's new

> Fixed the following issues with network profiler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A number of improvements in the network profiler:
```

Author: fixed

> - ignore requests to `qase.io` host
> - check that `body` and `headers` attributes are in the request
> - fix ignoring response for `urllib3` package
> - add a creation step for redirected requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ignore requests to `qase.io` host.
- Check that `body` and `headers` attributes are in the request.
- Fix ignoring response for the `urllib3` package.
- Add a creation step for redirected requests
```

Author: fixed
